fix: update readme to have proper wordings (#9)
ibm-messaging/kafka-connect-xml-converter: README.md

> # Kafka Connect XML converter and transformation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Kafka Connect XML converter and transformation plug-ins
```

> Kafka Connect XML converter and transformation plugins make it easier to work with XML data in Kafka Connect pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kafka Connect XML converter and transformation plug-ins make it easier to work with XML data in Kafka Connect pipelines.
```

## Contents

- `com.ibm.eventstreams.kafkaconnect.plugins.xml.XmlConverter`

>   - a Kafka Connect converter for converting to/from XML strings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A Kafka Connect converter for converting between Kafka Connect’s internal data format and XML strings.
```

- `com.ibm.eventstreams.kafkaconnect.plugins.xml.XmlTransformation`

>   - a Kafka Connect transformation for converting Kafka Connect records to/from XML strings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A Single Message Transform (SMT) that takes a Kafka Connect record containing an XML string and transforms it into a structured Connect record.
```

- `com.ibm.eventstreams.kafkaconnect.plugins.xml.XmlMQRecordBuilder`

>   - an MQ Source Record builder for parsing MQ messages containing XML strings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - An MQ Source Record builder for parsing MQ messages containing XML strings.
```

## Configuration

> Optional configuration that can be set when using the plugins to turn XML strings into Connect records (XML string -> Conect Record)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists optional configuration that can be set when turning XML strings into Connect records by using the plug-ins (XML string to Connect record).
```

| **Option**            | **Default value** | **Notes**                                                                                 |
| --------------------- | ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `root.element.name`   | `root`            | The name of the root element in the XML document being parsed.                            |
| `xsd.schema.path`     |                   | Location of a schema file to use to parse the XML string.                                 |
| `xml.doc.flat.enable` | `false`           | Set to `true` if the XML strings contain a single value (e.g. `<root>the message</root>`) |

> Optional configuration that can be set when using the plugin to create XML strings from Connect records (Conect Record -> XML string)

Reviewer: Are we missing a table from here? If so, the lead-in sentence needs to be updated as well.

> Optional configuration that can be set when using the plugin to create XML strings from Connect records (Conect Record -> XML string)

Author: ```suggestion
The following table lists optional configuration that can be set when turning XML strings from Connect records by using the plug-ins (Connect Record to XML string)
```

# Kafka Connect XML converter and transformation plug-ins

The Kafka Connect XML converter and transformation plug-ins make it easier to work with XML data in Kafka Connect pipelines.

## Contents

- `com.ibm.eventstreams.kafkaconnect.plugins.xml.XmlConverter`

>   A Kafka Connect converter for converting between Kafka Connect’s internal data format and XML strings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  A Kafka Connect converter for converting between structured objects (Kafka Connect’s internal data format & Java Maps and Lists) and XML strings.
```

Reviewer: @dalelane Minor thing, but can we change the part in brackets to avoid using the ampersand? 

> (Kafka Connect’s internal data format, and Java Maps and Lists)

Reviewer 2: fine with me - main thing to pick up was the converter doesn't only support Struct, it works with Map and List as well, but grammar/punctuation-wise I'm agnostic :-)

- `com.ibm.eventstreams.kafkaconnect.plugins.xml.XmlTransformation`
  A Single Message Transform (SMT) that takes a Kafka Connect record containing an XML string and transforms it into a structured Connect record.
- `com.ibm.eventstreams.kafkaconnect.plugins.xml.XmlMQRecordBuilder`

>   - An MQ Source Record builder for parsing MQ messages containing XML strings.

Reviewer 2: minor formatting inconsistency - the first two are single-line whereas the third is an indented bullet 

<img width="1200" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fd5d6c16-7f3b-49e2-80bb-059c6a2485c3" />

Please make all three consistent

## Configuration

The following table lists optional configuration that can be set when turning XML strings into Connect records by using the plug-ins (XML string to Connect record).

| **Option**            | **Default value** | **Notes**                                                                                 |
| --------------------- | ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `root.element.name`   | `root`            | The name of the root element in the XML document being parsed.                            |
| `xsd.schema.path`     |                   | Location of a schema file to use to parse the XML string.                                 |
| `xml.doc.flat.enable` | `false`           | Set to `true` if the XML strings contain a single value (e.g. `<root>the message</root>`) |

> The following table lists optional configuration that can be set when turning XML strings from Connect records by using the plug-ins (Connect Record to XML string)

Author: @gabortpubs there is a table below this sentence, am I missing or misunderstanding something here.

> The following table lists optional configuration that can be set when turning XML strings from Connect records by using the plug-ins (Connect Record to XML string)

Author: The following is the table that we are referencing here. https://github.com/ibm-messaging/kafka-connect-xml-converter/pull/9/files#diff-b335630551682c19a781afebcf4d07bf978fb1f8ac04c6bf87428ed5106870f5L26-L28

> The following table lists optional configuration that can be set when turning XML strings from Connect records by using the plug-ins (Connect Record to XML string)

Reviewer: Ok, it wasn't showing the whole file in your PR, and I forgot to click "expand", so I guess this is user error on my part.
